# Preventing Bird Injury
Glass is a favored building material for modern architecture, yet it is also very dangerous for wild birds. Because they often cannot distinguish between glass and open air, millions of birds are harmed every year when they try to fly through glass windows. There are, however, several solutions that responsible businesses can use to prevent injuries to birds.

**One-Way Glass**

One solution is to replace the regular, clear glass with one-way glass that is transparent in only one direction. The occupants of the building can see out, but birds and others cannot see in. If birds cannot see through a window, they will understand that the glass forms a solid barrier and will not try to fly through it.

**Colorful Designs**

A second solution is to paint colorful lines or other designs on regular window glass. For example, a window could have a design of thin stripes painted over the glass. People would still be able to see through the openings in the design where there is no paint, while birds would see the stripes and thus avoid trying to fly through the glass. Architects can be encouraged to include colorful painted patterns on glass as part of the general design of buildings.

**Magnetic Field**

The third solution is to create an artificial magnetic field to guide birds away from buildings. Humans use an instrument called a magnetic compass to determine directions—either north, south, east, or west. Bird research has shown that birds have a natural ability to sense Earth’s magnetic fields; this ability works just like a compass, and it helps birds navigate in the right direction when they fly. A building in a bird flight path can be equipped with powerful electromagnets that emit magnetic signals that steer birds in a direction away from the building.

-----------------------------------------

The solutions of preventing bird injury are the topic that the reading deals with. The reading states the fact that glass is very dangerous for birds, because the birds fail to distinguish between glass and open air. Therefore, the reading proposes 3 potential methods to **avoid** the danger. The lecturer gives a speech on the same topic. However, he disagrees with the reading's ideas. Here are the details: 
Firstly, in contrast to using one-way glass, as mentioned **in the reading**, the lecturer argues that the one-way glass will reflect the light **like** a mirror, which can't be understood by birds. The birds will think they just fly into the sky. In fact, they will hit on the windows. 
Secondly, the lecturer points out that the colorful designs is ineffective, while the reading **condsiders it a useful way**. Because, there are openings among the painted stripes, which will be **regarded** as the open holes by the birds unless the openings are small enough. **which will cause the building to be too dark**. 
Finally, the reading thinks it is possible to set magnetic field. However, the lecturer claims that the birds use magnetic ability to navigate when it's a long trip, like flying from cold to warm. When they fly from one side of the city to another, they just use their eyes.